Money in money out
Counterparties
RISK PROFILES - depending on the regional area things you need to care about and monitor - sanction lists, exposed people (politicans etc. dorectprs)
IN european area - terrorist financing / rate how risky is the payment going out
B2B
Clients work in the global market they want to be able to pay in other currecnies not their local ones.
AS consumers we miss the complexities Millions move around. NO transaction fee for small scale.
AML
MOney going out - do our initial checks, can we make a payment, does the beneficiary names match, the data look correct you got the funds, we flag to the comliance team can we go ahead
Compliance engine for AML, stop and wait world CURRENTLY. There is a RISK based approach, with the human in the loop.
Manual work currently: decent percentage of transactions automated.
There is a difference between members of the public and business straight forward to do. Companies on the other hand who is behind it? What companies behind the company making the transaction?
3-rd world countries - Payments in Africa - it takes 3 days for the payment ot go through. Solution - Stablecoin
there aren't large liquidity pools, balance the transactions currency to currency, or gold to currency
You need money locally
KYB?
Remove friction from global payments like Africa. Interest in keeping money in certain currencies
Funding round - they give you money to grow the business
System
If something gets flagged, manual checking if the owners are on the board, where the payment was instructed from: if you are a US based company and you instruct from China/Russia raise the RISK
Certain partners will not involve with businesses involved with crypto or gambling for ethical reasons.
Internal and External business, while we do check where the money comes from, if the company is earing 10mil a year and a payment is incoming with 20mil.
AML System - trend of payments over time, amount of payments over time, payments in and payments out time diff.
Who the payments actually comefrom / sokin made the payment for you due to regulations.
AWS -> Azure / sharding architecture for background processes. UAE processing has to be local. Multi shard on a relationalDB.
For UAE two systems bad solution,
Problems currently
easier to build on top of the platform
DO LESS, less polished feature  to the customer get data from the usage and make a new version

Push notification Great, because of the mobile app, better contact for the users, better services on the side
Finding other vendors, who have a large balancesheet of their customers
4i or 6i checks, someone signs it off

NO banks are utilising crypto, fx rates high
when you do a fx trade, if you have enough money -> real-time.

Getting banking licences to get regulated in each of the regions.

Verification services of the payee
Horisontally scaled and was 0% faster

Short feedback loop
